INS-1087: Update insights docs with GKE instructions (#498)
FairwindsOps/insights-docs: docs/features/admission-controller.md

              path: "/spec/template/metadata/labels/test3"
              value: "my-value"
```              
## Using Insights Admission Controller with GKE
Insights webhook may intercept resources in the kube-system namespace which may lead to some issues on upgrades and nodes being managed by Google.

> We recommend to exclude namespace kube-systemm from Insights Admission when running on GKE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to exclude the kube-system namespace from Insights Admission when running on GKE.
```
